Update usage section in README (#143)
GIScience/ohsome-quality-analyst: README.md

[![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?url=https%3A%2F%2Foqt.ohsome.org)](https://oqt.ohsome.org)
[![status: active](https://github.com/GIScience/badges/raw/master/status/active.svg)](https://github.com/GIScience/badges#active)

## Vision

What is OQT?
* A project that **formalizes the knowledge on OSM data quality** within HeiGIT and the GIScience Research Group.
* A tool that end users, e.g. humanitarian organisations and public administration, can use to get information on the **quality of OSM data for their specific region and use-case**.
* A **web app** that builds upon the existing infrastructure, especially [ohsomeHeX](https://ohsome.org/apps/osm-history-explorer) and the [ohsome dashboard](https://ohsome.org/apps/dashboard).

> * A **data integration tool**, that brings together the implementation of a variety of intrinsic and extrinsic data quality metrics.

Author: Should this be in the README?

Author: This is also on Confluence.

Reviewer: Hey,
I think we do not need to state it as the vision, but for sure need 2-3 general sentences what OQT is about. But what you have below might be already enough.

so yes, let's remove it from the readme.

- as well as other [blog posts about OQT](https://heigit.org/tag/oqt-en)

## OQT Components

This diagram gives an overview of the OQT components:

> ![](/docs/img/UML-Component-Diagram.png)

Author: Put it to the bottom.

## Usage

OQT can be used in three ways with various degree of usability and flexibility:
1. Interactive access through the *website* (Highest usability; Lowest flexibility)
2. Making requests to the *REST API*
3. Usage of the Command-Line-Interface (*CLI*) (Lowest usability; Highest flexibility)

The easiest access to quality reports is through the OQT [website](https://oqt.ohsome.org). There reports with pre-computed indicators can be accessed for a selection of regions made by the OQT team. But it is not possible to upload custom areas-of-interest (AOIs) and compute report or indicators for those.

> Requests for individual indicators as well as reports can be made to the OQT [API](https://oqt.ohsome.org/api/docs). Retrievable are pre-computed indicators for selected regions (Parameters `dataset=regions` and `featureId`) as well as for custom AOIs (Parameter `bpolys`). The major drawbag is the limitation of the input geometry size. For more information check out the interactive API [documentation](https://oqt.ohsome.org/api/docs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requests for individual indicators as well as reports can be made to the OQT [API](https://oqt.ohsome.org/api/docs). Retrievable are pre-computed indicators for selected regions (Parameters `dataset=regions` and `featureId`) as well as for custom AOIs (Parameter `bpolys`). The major drawback is the limitation of the input geometry size. For more information check out the interactive [API documentation](https://oqt.ohsome.org/api/docs).
```

> The last way to use OQT is by setting up OQT on your local machine and use the provided CLI. This is the most flexible way but some technical knowledge is required to set it up. For now please refer to the development setup [documentation](/docs/development_setup.md) on how to setup OQT localy on your machine. After installation of the `ohsome_quality_analyst` Python package run `oqt --help` for documation about the CLI.

Reviewer 2: The development setup does not cover how you can setup the CLI as the README did.

Author: Yes and no. The problem here is that for the CLI to work one must set up a the database and configure OQT accordingly. Currently all those information's are found in the dev docs. 

The CLI set up described here in the README was how to install OQT CLI in theory but a lot of details for getting it to run were missing.

> The last way to use OQT is by setting up OQT on your local machine and use the provided CLI. This is the most flexible way but some technical knowledge is required to set it up. For now please refer to the development setup [documentation](/docs/development_setup.md) on how to setup OQT localy on your machine. After installation of the `ohsome_quality_analyst` Python package run `oqt --help` for documation about the CLI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The last way to use OQT is by setting up OQT on your local machine and use the provided CLI. This is the most flexible way but some technical knowledge is required to set it up. For now please refer to the [development setup documentation](/docs/development_setup.md) on how to set up OQT locally on your machine. After installation of the `ohsome_quality_analyst` Python package run `oqt --help` for documentation about the CLI.
```
